# Bugwarrior UDAs
uda.githubtitle.type=string
uda.githubtitle.label=Github Title
uda.githubbody.type=string
uda.githubbody.label=Github Body
uda.jirastatus.type=string
uda.jirastatus.label=Jira Status
uda.githubstate.type=string
uda.githubstate.label=GitHub State
uda.jiraid.type=string
uda.jiraid.label=Jira Issue ID
uda.githubuser.type=string
uda.githubuser.label=Github User
uda.githuburl.type=string
uda.githuburl.label=Github URL
uda.jiraestimate.type=numeric
uda.jiraestimate.label=Estimate
uda.githubrepo.type=string
uda.githubrepo.label=Github Repo Slug
uda.githubmilestone.type=string
uda.githubmilestone.label=Github Milestone
uda.jirafixversion.type=string
uda.jirafixversion.label=Fix Version
uda.jiraurl.type=string
uda.jiraurl.label=Jira URL
uda.githubcreatedon.type=date
uda.githubcreatedon.label=Github Created
uda.githubnumber.type=numeric
uda.githubnumber.label=Github Issue/PR #
uda.githubtype.type=string
uda.githubtype.label=Github Type
uda.jiradescription.type=string
uda.jiradescription.label=Jira Description
uda.jiraissuetype.type=string
uda.jiraissuetype.label=Issue Type
uda.githubclosedon.type=date
uda.githubclosedon.label=GitHub Closed
uda.githubupdatedat.type=date
uda.githubupdatedat.label=Github Updated
uda.jirasummary.type=string
uda.jirasummary.label=Jira Summary
uda.githubnamespace.type=string
uda.githubnamespace.label=Github Namespace
uda.jiracreatedts.type=date
uda.jiracreatedts.label=Created At
